Sometimes you might want to see the preview of how the email that would be sent would look like inside
the browser.
For whatever reasons either for debugging purposes or you might even want to add such feature to your
application that someone before they actually send an email let's say in our newsletter or something
that would be read by many people they would like to first see how this email would look like.
So we are the simple end point to our application inside the web.
BHP let's just add our route let's call it May and then closure in inside disclosure we will just simply
read a comment.
The first one so it doesn't really matter which one.
So make sure you have some comments in your database so we fetch this comment model to actually render
it.
And now to render an email preview what you have to do is basically from this route or even a controller
that only depends where you would like to implement that.
You just return a new instance of this Malabo class.
So in our case this would be comment post that mark down so we pass the necessary comment to it.
And basically that's it.
So now we should have.
This may level route so let's copy that and inside our application let let's visit a lot of older tests
less male level and now you can see how the email that would be sent to this user which actually this
comment relates to would look like so we can easily preview that.
Of course you can out much more possibilities you can enable previews for specific things inside your
application you can just protect this route.
So on the other means can see it so we can do plenty of things but generally this how easy it is to
generate a preview of what will be sent inside an email.